don't try to go viral post covid what
you're going to see is a lot of people
continuing with
online commerce which is going to
increase the demand for digital
marketing but it's also going to
increase how competitive digital
marketing is as well focus on what
you're actually better at because that's
what you'll enjoy and just double down
and be the best person at that one thing
before we get started make sure you
subscribe to this channel and if you're
on youtube click the alert notification
today i wanted to talk to you guys about
the future of digital marketing
um where's my size all right as you guys
can see
and the future is not what you think
but don't worry not everything has to be
grim there is some good news as well
and i'm going to share with you guys a
lot of stats and data so
we deal with companies of all different
types of sizes from large corporations
like the
you know fortune 100 all the way to
small mom and pops and when you're
dealing with companies of all sizes and
you've been doing this for roughly 16 17
years you start noticing trends and
patterns and what eric and i wanted to
leave you with is
changes that you can implement so that
way you're gonna be better prepared for
the next algorithm updates next platform
updates so that way you can keep
thriving and surviving and doing
extremely well
so my twitter handle
ignore the hashtag
i'm the co-founder of ad agency called
neil patel digital as i mentioned work
with all different types of companies
from the facebooks of the world to the
microsoft's you know yada yada
tons of quotes
testimonials
now the point of all that isn't to say
i'm great or i'm amazing i don't think
i'm the best marketer out there i still
think i have a lot to learn and improve
upon but it's more so to show that hey
when i'm giving data and facts
it's based on what i'm seeing and it's
not just me making stuff up
and i truly see both sides of the table
not only am i an entrepreneur and a
marketer myself
i also work with companies like google
or this one's actually facebook
companies like facebook will hit me up
and pay me money to speak at their own
conferences to their own customers
as well as companies like google who'll
hit me up to help market google as well
in essence i really do see every single
side of marketing i see it from the
entrepreneur side the business owner
side the marketer side the platform side
from the googles the facebooks of the
world
now before we get started and go into
the future marketing i wanted to play a
little bit of a game with you guys
so
number one
how many blogs do you think are there on
the web let's see how many of you guys
listen to marketing school
all right take a guess
that's right saeed may have a different
number
you may have a different number you're
like no no there's a billion 100
wordpress blogs do you know the real
number
okay so from what we know
and all the stats online there's at
least a billion blocks
how many people are in the world take
your guess
yeah roughly 7 billion do you think
we need that many blogs that's roughly
one blog for every seven people just
honestly
no
we don't need another marketing blog so
don't try to copy me
all right
but in general there's just too much
content at this point
how many enterprise companies do you
think are leveraging digital marketing
you know like these old-school companies
some of them are like big corporations
like fortive how many of you guys have
heard affordive
did you know they're worth like 30
billion dollars and they sell like gas
pumps and industrial equipment that you
guys use on a daily basis but you never
know about
okay how many old school companies like
that do you think are leveraging digital
marketing
take a guess
who said all of them
that's right
all of them are pretty much leveraging
digital marketing
those guys have a ton of money
literally
piles and piles of it
they make more in interest on any given
day than we make in a whole year working
right
so they can outspend us and they when
they make mistakes it doesn't really
hurt them
another question
startups they raise money what do you
think most of the money that they're
raising is used for these days
ads what else
what else
what else what do you do
you do sales
don't try to lie to people you're a
salesman i know you're on payroll
that guy tries to talk to you he's a
salesman
okay
so startups these days when i was
starting my first company back in the
day we would raise venture capital the
money was raised for creating a product
engineering servers all that kind of
stuff
now
most companies raise the majority of
their money for sales and marketing in
other words growth they're trying to
figure out how to get more revenue and
that usually involves sales and
marketing you can talk about growth
hacking and looping some product changes
but in essence that's where they're
spending their money
how many of you guys or what percent of
the voice searches will be in 2020
what do you think what percentage
go for it yeah you
you really do listen to marketing school
a lot
50 it is
things are changing
how are you going to monetize when
someone's
doing a search over alexa device or
google home how are you gonna monetize
that have you guys ever thought about
that
fifty percent
i want that revenue for that fifty
percent don't you guys
so there's a lot of things that are
changing and i'm gonna even go over even
more you're gonna see me turning my head
a lot
back a bit because there's a ton of
stats and data i hope you guys don't get
overwhelmed
and then we'll go into some of the
things you guys can do to ensure that
you continually succeed
so here's google's revenue
2008 was a recession
we're worried about a potential
recession coming in the future
what happened to google's revenue during
the recession
it went up
what do you think is going to happen to
their revenue during this recession
it's probably gonna go up
they'll figure out ways to make it go up
if the cost per clicks go down you may
see more paid listings on page one right
generally speaking performance
advertising continues to go up if you
spend a dollar on paid ads
you expect to make more money than what
you spent would you guys agree with that
statement
so during a recession if you still spend
a dollar on google and you make two
dollars do you think you're gonna slow
down because it's a recession
no it doesn't matter if it's a recession
a bull market a bear market if you can
spend a dollar and make two dollars as
long as it's profitable including all
your other costs you're going to keep
spending as much money as you can and
that's what you'll see people will start
moving their traditional ad dollars more
over to performance-based marketing
during recessions
so let's go over what i've been learning
and the future of marketing and where
it's going
fact number one and we talked a little
about this during our podcast marketing
is going omni channel but i have the
data to show you why
right so i'm gonna actually go over here
because it's easier to see the
television screen than the projector
here's marketing spend by channel
no shocker
which place gets the majority of the
revenue google who has the largest
market cap
google next one facebook ads makes sense
facebook has a huge market cap
then you get into seo and content
marketing and social media marketing and
then other
seo yeah may get a lot of the clicks but
paid advertising spend a dollar make two
dollars you don't have to wait a long
time people keep spending
conversion rate by channel
google adwords
facebook ads
seo content marketing social media other
why does google adwords convert better
than seo if you had to take a guess
people are like oh this is paid ads we
wouldn't trust it as much why do you
think paid ads converts better
the what
uh bottom funnel okay
inten
landing page that's right
if you
syed has wp beginner you get a ton of
visitors millions a month
on those pages i get millions of
visitors a month can you just put a
squeeze page and make them sign up for
hosting in my plugins
you could but your rankings would go
down if you removed the content you just
put that it would go down with
pay-per-click if you give them money you
can put whatever you want as long as you
keep paying them
right seo you got to have content sure
you can get a lot of traffic but
that content you know if you look at
auto insurance you click on the first
paid listing it's usually type in your
zip code and that's it doesn't even have
a hundred words of text on the page
including the title tag
you look at the text based version that
ranks on page one there's like a
thousand words about auto insurance
facebook ads intent isn't there
you can still convert them cost per
clicks are a lot less and if you can
still convince them to convert you just
got to get more clicks seo as we already
mentioned social media
you guys already know that one other
we'll go into other a bit later
average number of social shares per post
has been continually declining what do
you think is going to happen in the
future you think it's going to go back
up
no if you want to go back up what are
you going to have to give facebook
money that's the reality of it and i'm
not here to say facebook sucks it's a
great platforming channel for marketers
you can also start getting creative and
leverage like uh messenger chat and all
this stuff helps as well that larry
talked about earlier but in general
social shares are declining that's just
the stats
now here's where people are publishing
content it used to just be where it
would be on their own blog but now
everyone's leveraging medium tumblr
facebook youtube linkedin twitter google
doesn't penalize for duplicate content
you release content once publish it
everywhere you release one video take
that same video re-upload it to facebook
re-upload it to linkedin re-upload it to
pinterest actually i don't think
pinterest takes videos but everywhere
else that takes videos upload it get
that traffic what do you have to lose
what percent of organic search traffic
goes to your blog
you see a trend here not only are people
continuing to blog but
those pages give information they don't
necessarily sell products or service
and this isn't google's part for doing
this there's nothing wrong with what
they're doing this is the trend their
trends the way they adapt google is
based off of usage of you and i
searching so if we all search for
something and we want to read the
informational articles what do you think
they're going to show more of
informational based articles and that's
what they're doing
right what portion of your customers
first bound you through your blog it's
increasing why because blogs are ranking
better that's what people want to see so
if you're not blogging whether you like
it or not
you're not going to end up generating
all those extra conversions in google
analytics there's this report called
assisted conversions are you guys
familiar with this report raise your
hand if you are
assistive conversions will tell you
things like
are people reading your blog and then
eventually converting this is really
important because this will help you put
a roi to some of these other channels
what has led to your biggest traffic
gains
shockingly
translations most people don't know this
number two
updating content
that works better than creating more
content again billion plus blogs
we don't need more content we need the
still content that's outdated
outdated to be re-updated remember syed
talked about hey when i create three
pieces of content a week on one of these
sites i'm not really releasing three
pieces of content one of them is a
updated article why because if you don't
keep updating you're not going to keep
maintaining your rankings it's no longer
you create a blog and you just get the
traffic it's now you create a blog you
promote it you get the traffic if you
don't constantly update remarket
that content you're going to lose that
traction and someone else is going to
take your spot
so if you look at this translations has
the biggest
opportunity because the united states is
competitive brazil all these other
countries like india they're up and
coming there is money there
and if you translate your content into
their local dialects
you can do extremely well because
there's not that much competition google
needs content within those regions
you'll dominate fast you'll maintain
at least
a bit longer in the short run
and you can generate revenue as well
when people talk to me they're like neil
in india
why would we go after that market
there's barely any money do you think
walmart would pay like 15 or 17 or
whatever billion dollars for flipkart if
there wasn't money in india do you think
airbnb would be doing investments there
do you think microsoft and amazon and
adobe and all these companies would be
investing billions of dollars
no
so you got to get on these regions fast
that is a big future if you translate
your content you can find a lot of these
people from upwork you can do really
well
so what channel provides the biggest roi
for companies can you guys take a guess
on this out of all the survey data there
was one channel that provided the
biggest roi and it was lumped into other
if you guys had to guess what this
channel was
what would you think it is
instagram email what else
conversion rate optimization
it's the least sexiest channel out there
from every company we interviewed and
surveyed and we surveyed hundreds of
these companies
and some of these guys are doing like
millions and millions and millions of
dollars a month in profit if not
billions some of them
conversion optimization out of all the
marketing channels provided the biggest
roi but the smallest investment by far
if you can boost your conversion rates
by double what does that mean to your
paid advertising
or your seo or your content marketing
you can spend more
these channels will become more
expensive whether you like it or not
paid ads will keep going up whether you
like it or not you're gonna keep doing
it because it makes you more money if
you don't optimize for conversions
you're gonna get slaughtered by all the
competitors and there's a huge trend in
digital marketing right now where a ton
of companies are finally starting to
spend time in a b testing
personalization and all this other stuff
that very few people talk about and i
know this because if i release a blog
post on av testing or personalization no
one wants to read it if i released
another article on how to get more
traffic everyone's like yeah show me
this
it just shows
what you guys want to read
the tr and the trend is going two
different opposite directions so really
start getting into conversion
optimization
what's also cool about going on the
channel
is that it's also not hard to see what
the competition is doing right
because all these channels are getting
saturated fast and that is a big trend
you have no choice but to leverage all
of them you used to be able to create a
business off of one channel facebook
grew just from the referral program
dropbox grew from social media tweet
this to get more space you no longer can
grow a business through one channel it's
becoming more and more competitive the
people who are early on sure saeed has
access to a huge wordpress community he
already is integrated has access to all
these users do you think someone can
just come in right now and compete with
him saeed if you were coming into this
right now do you think you can do well
compared to you being in this for 10
years
why not
it's much harder and you got in early
enough which gave you that head start
hence he was able to leverage one
channel and explode
now even saeed even though he's done
really well he's still expanding into
other channels and platforms because
that's how you continually grow
but you can use tools like the sem
rushes see i won't get complaints i'm
not just promoting my own tools
i'm not getting paid by them either you
can use sc and russian tools like that
to see what people are going after from
the seo perspective or paid advertising
perspective you can use what runs where
to see what kind of media ads people are
doing
you can use built with to see what
technologies people are using so that
way you know someone's doing a b testing
and stuff you can use like ahrefs to see
links to your competition see if you can
get them to link to you
you can use wayback machine to see if
hey someone's doing a b testing
very few people do this i don't know why
use wayback machine go back see all the
variations of their pages you can see
their transitions typically the one that
they're with now is the one that boosts
the conversion rates the most that'll
give you an idea where to start
link explorer by moz another tool that
gives you a lot of marketing insights
so
what do you think happens to your cpas
when you go omni channel
on everything your cost per clicks all
of that
you guys familiar with expedia
yes
how old is expedia
exactly they're really old you guys have
known about them for a long time expedia
recently ran
a test where they went omni channel
by doing television radio pay-per-click
etc do you know what happened to their
cpas on pay-per-click like their cost
per clicks and cpas
went down by double digit percentiles
omni channel helps improve your numbers
on all channels
all right fact number two user metrics
are the key to beating google
you don't have to increase rankings to
get more search traffic
here's the old site that i have i
eventually got rid of it nutrition
secrets
it was a nutrition site i got my traffic
up and to the right and yeah there's
writing content and building links and
all that kind of stuff but the real way
we grew nutrition secrets we did
something really manual at that time
there was no software that could do this
now there is and i'll tell you about the
software in a bit i don't have a
screenshot um but you go into google
search console i still like the old
version i don't know why
you know you click click ctr impressions
you see the pages that are getting the
traffic
and then from there you look at which
you click into the page that has a low
ctr you look at the keywords the ones
that are driving a lot of impressions
but low clicks and then you're like all
right i need to adjust my page with
these keywords so i can get more clicks
simple concept you look for keywords
that have less than a five percent click
rate look for pages that have a less
than a four percent uh ctr rate and make
sure the keywords that you want to rank
for in your title tag and within your
content and meta descriptions once you
make that change you submit to google
and they recrawl it
and here's some keywords that help
skyrocket ctr that we've tested how to's
list number results free you tips great
tricks best why
blog posts you guys get the gist these
have all worked really well from
everything we've tested
and as you submit it back to google and
you fetch and you submit the url
you click submit to their index and boom
you're in you say you're not a robot
and you give it 30 days and you see
results we used to do all this manually
that's how we grew our traffic it's one
of the best ways because google is
looking for user signals everyone
focuses on links but not enough of this
if you don't want to do it manually like
how i used to do it there's a tool
called click flow you can harass someone
on the single grain team they can
probably tell you about it
um sorry single grain team uh but
nonetheless
you know that's what we do now we just
automate it and it works much easier
but i kid you not this is where we're
seeing the biggest search gains right
now for seo we're just optimizing going
after user signals it's not sexy no one
talks about it
works
again i know if i write a blog post on
this it doesn't get read as much but
this is where we're getting the traffic
increases and luckily because i have you
in front of me you're forced to listen
to whatever i want to talk about
technically you could walk out
quick flow c-l-i-c-k-f-l-o-w
it's not called click flow do not sign
up for that company
that's what it's called i'm kidding
so eventually here's the thing that most
people don't talk about user metrics are
going to go on all platforms did you
know on facebook instagram linkedin what
is the number one metric that they look
at on if a post should go viral if you
had to take a guess what do you think it
is
what is it take a guess time okay that's
one
shares engagement what's engagement mean
comments
comments the more comments you get
legitimate comments
that impacts how viral a post goes more
than anything else i kid you not if you
had 50 of your friends go to your
facebook page and start leaving comments
interacting with each other that post
goes viral don't believe me all people
in this room go comment on my latest
facebook post and you guys will see
seriously just if you don't believe me
go and try it
you can write whatever you want
and i'll respond to you and if you want
to respond back and leave another
comment too
you'll watch i'll respond back again as
well
that's how confident i am that it'll
work but
i know you need to see it to believe it
so go and leave a comment on my facebook
page make sure it's the latest post so
that one gets the most traffic
but that's how effective user metrics
are i used to put in all my youtube
videos and facebook videos leave a
comment ask a question my comment number
started going up really high my videos
went viral and then youtube and a lot of
these platforms have now built in
if people are asking for comments in
their videos and i noticed the day it
hit because my numbers started going
down i'm like man
so now i'm trying to think if i can put
a visual image saying leave a comment to
see if that works but it worked for a
while
fact number three you gotta focus on
branding brands are the future
you need to build a brand
now
this is a quote from eric schmidt the
ex-ceo of google brands are the solution
not the problem brands are how you sort
out the cesspool
the best part is eric and i say this
quote on our podcast so often we never
get the quote right and we always
butcher it but now we have the real one
right in front of us
so you know what google is doing to help
try to solve fake news and figure out
which sites to rank higher what do you
think they're looking at
brand signals that's right
what do you think facebook's doing to
try to combat fake news what do you
think they're trying to promote what
type of pages and content versus others
brands that's right if you have a bigger
brand you're going to do well you don't
have to build a coca-cola but if you
build a brand within your niche and
you're the leading player your content
within that space is going to go more
wild than the others
and the expedia example we all know
about expedia expedia owns a lot of
properties hotels.com they used to own
travago
trip advisor all these other properties
they still own a lot that uh gnome one i
don't even know what that one's called i
think orbits or something like that
or travelocity or i don't know they just
have too many properties
so with expedia even though people knew
their properties when they started
running tv
more digital campaigns more
pay-per-click all their cost to acquire
from all the channels went down because
people had their brand top of mind it
wasn't that they didn't know who expedia
was it was oh expedia i forgot about
that company we forgot about every
single company remember how uber was a
talked about company back in the day and
now not so much other than uber went
public their stock didn't do as well as
they would like dropbox such an amazing
company this company is revolutionary
yada yada yada now
oh yes another publication company i can
just upload my information on my icloud
i can upload it on my g drive i can
still use dropbox but i got all these
other things as well
we all have patterns of what's in and
out it doesn't matter if you built a big
company you still need to be top of mind
so you want to keep pushing your brand
the key to building a brand whether it's
a personal or corporate one is a rule of
seven how many times can people see you
are you continually doing email
marketing to get people back to your
site are you doing push notifications
are you doing things like messenger boss
all these things will help you get
people back to your site so much more
often you can build a good brand
how many of you guys get a hundred
thousand visitors a month to your site
how many get more than that raise your
hand
how many get less than that raise your
hand i just want to see if you guys are
lazy or not or tired or i suck as a
speaker
okay so majority raise your hand
i focus on doing an omni-channel
approach putting content everywhere i
get over a hundred thousand visitors a
month from people typing in neil patel
i'm not saying i'm good at building a
brand
i think
i'm not that great there's way better
people like gary vee tony robbins etc
and i'm more of an introvert as eric
knows i've known him for a long time i
stay inside my house i watch netflix a
lot bad bloods is amazing if any of you
guys haven't watched that
and uh
you know i i'm waiting for season three
though uh
so uh and sneaky pete by the way on
amazon that was amazing in two weekends
i watched all three seasons
and i work while i
am on or watching tv like that's how i
work i don't go to office i sit on my
bed and my team will tell you they'll
facetime me like we'll be on a client
call and i'll be in my bed talking to
the client over zoom while i work
because that's how i get the most done
but the way i built a brand is the rule
of seven you keep getting people back
now
over a year ago eric mentioned this i
acquired a company called ubersuggest
and that guy was from italy and i paid i
think around 120 grand for it he built a
better brand than me and he didn't do
anything that i did i think he's smarter
than i am
and what i did is i just leveraged what
he did and i put on steroids by just
going to the end degree being like let
me just update your tool and give away
more for free
i now get
three times the brand queries over 300
000 visitors a month from people looking
for uber suggests
than i do from people looking for neil
patel
those brand queries help skyrocket your
rankings you got to build a brand every
time i grow my brand queries i notice
that my rankings for all my terms like
online marketing pop up on the top of
page one it's not that i try to build
more links or any of that it's a focus
on brand queries it's that powerful
so here's some tips emails are still
effective
push notification in combination with
email marketing is really good combine
that with messenger bots then you're
really doing well right which was the
next one
and then you want to use tools like
google correlate to help you figure out
what people are looking for that's
similar to your keywords so for example
if i'm in the hotels hospitality
industry i want to see what other things
people are looking for google correlate
shows you all the other relevant
keywords with similar patterns make sure
you have content on all those keywords
that way you're helping people out
because if you're helping people out
what do you think it does
it helps build a brand putting people
first is the right thing to do just like
when eric and i through this event we
were debating we both decided we wanted
to do it for free why because we're like
let's help people out we didn't do it to
try to close revenue we didn't do it to
try to generate business or anything
we're just like this will be fun let's
just help people out people helped us
and yeah the positive side is it may
help us increase our brand not buy a ton
i don't mean to be in a rude way with
200 max people it's not going to
skyrocket our brand but it's about just
giving and helping and if you truly
enjoy that and whatever you're doing
it'll help build your brand as well but
that's a side effect it's like people
saying i want to make money you don't
make money by making money you make
money by helping people and help them
solve their problems put other people
first and eventually you will build a
bigger brand
and nutrition secrets as we started
doing all this stuff our branding
started going up and we started doing
better getting higher rankings more
pages and that's how we continually
climb
but traffic and all this kind of stuff
is great
but it's not everything
sem rush showed one of my past startups
kissmetrics i think we raised like 17
million bucks for it it didn't turn out
well i bought out the domain name from
the investors for 500 000 bucks and then
redirected the traffic and then they
recently did an asset sale
now i had good traffic
my competitor mixed panel who copied my
product at the beginning they even had a
techcrunch article showing similar
screenshots had roughly one-third of the
traffic
they raised money at a 865 million
dollar valuation
what do you think we were worth i'm the
traffic guy i'm getting all this traffic
i'm beating them what do you think we
were worth anyone want to take a guess
you could be honest it won't hurt my
feelings
you can say something good or bad
take a guess
your management consultant what do you
think
more than 15 because we raised 17 but
technically not when i bought the domain
name um
but we're worth roughly one tenth that
technically not even one tenth that
so maybe one fifteenth one twentieth
that's brutal right
think about it i'm a marketer i'm on
cloud nine getting all this traffic it
shows you traffic isn't everything
and i realize at that point the real
formula to success especially in the
future is traffic plus conversions
cubed equals success the more you focus
on conversions the better off you guys
are going to be i'm hammering that so
much because i know in a year you guys
won't be able to do a lot of the
marketing techniques that you're using
right now unless you focus on
conversions
which gets into fact number four
conventional cro techniques won't work
well
interactive quizzes i use a lot of this
stuff on the neil patel site
it gives you some conversion lifts
i even leverage two-step checkouts for
e-commerce
i even do pop-ups that are like do you
want more traffic yes or no if you click
yes you're gonna get a guy that teaches
you how to get more traffic if you click
no what do you think you get
no if you click no i would be like
congratulations on having massive
traffic now let's help you double your
conversion rate
put in your name and email
funny enough that actually works really
well
it's kind of creative
so what's wrong with all the tactics i
mentioned
pop-ups all this stuff they're not bad
but what's wrong with them
they're annoying that is true they still
work but they're annoying i i hate them
but they're annoying
what else is what's issue
you see them everywhere and because you
see them everywhere do you think they
work the same that they did five six
years ago no the effects weren't down
personalization is a new conversion rate
optimization
it's all about personalizing the
experience
so here's an example
now
i operate my day in which i have a few
companies and there's a ceo in place of
a lot of these companies they're
starting to use tools like intercom
and i'm not saying this because intercom
is a sponsor this was i actually did the
opposite
once eric and i someone told us yaniv
he's like why are you guys putting your
money out of your own pocket for the
event why don't you get a sponsor and
eric and i were like that's a smart idea
we're really stupid for not thinking of
this that's really what happened am i
right eric
were just like we're like how much
should we each spend 20 30 grand each
and then he's like you guys are dumb a
company will give you the money we're
like oh my god you're brilliant
where'd you come up with this he's like
every conference does this we're like oh
yeah
so
when we when we look at
a lot and you can use any tool you guys
want out there it doesn't make a
difference to me being honest
but when you start personalizing
that experience to start chatting
you'll notice that you can adapt what
you do to each person whether you do
that through facebook messenger bots
whether you do it to drift intercom
the big point i'm trying to make is you
need to start creating personalized
experience for every single person
that's where we're seeing the conversion
lifts because then you're getting data
on everyone and you're seeing the lead
type the quality what they even thought
about your conversation if they rated
that it's amazing conversation do you
think you have a higher chance of
converting that person of course if they
start asking you through chat about
pricing and how they sign up you can
tailor your uh your messaging and your
content totally different than if they
asked you
how do i use your product that would be
more support or why should i buy you or
use you over the competition you need to
personalize everything
chat is now responsible for 28
of our sales
you need from nextiva i believe his chat
is responsible for roughly a third of
his sales one-third
we're even seeing it help with
e-commerce
you guys need to start using it
but don't just rely on things like
intercom for a chat you need to go above
and beyond that you need to start
leveraging product tours and i know this
whole you know stigma out there like oh
product tools really for sas companies
and when people log in i'm going to show
you something different here's google
what do you think is on the right right
there that's a functionality of a
product tour them trying to get you into
more features more reports
more sections of google's products and
platforms
here's something within their gmail app
did you know you can also schedule a
send notification
that actually happened on my phone
my designer i'm like who designed this
makes us look pretty he gave me one with
the ghetto iphone because he's like
you're too cheap to get a real iphone
i still have an old school iphone i'm
looking in my pocket
i still have like a really old iphone so
he's like you get the design of an old
iphone until you upgrade so i was like
okay
i don't want to spend the money
but even then they're doing product
related stuff
so check this out this is animated on a
checkout page check this you see that
moving
part on the animation that's examples of
how you can use product tours on things
like checkout pages and lead forms isn't
that slick
no
the conversion rates go through the roof
when we started doing all this and
started testing this
conversions lifted by 13
so you start combining all these little
things you're not gonna get one thing
that grows your sales by 50
but you start combining all these little
things what do you think this allows you
to do spend more on paid ads as google
increases their prices as facebook
increases their prices and they're not
increasing it for the sake of it they're
increasing because more people are
jumping on and you're competing with
more people it's supply and demand
fact number five to win you'll have to
think like a winner
what do these people have in common
michael jordan mark zuckerberg
michael phelps other than their names
start with the m
yes they all want to win they actually
all have one
two of them are billionaires
michael phelps is amazing talented
swimmer he's an aussie like ryan
is he ozzy or he's american no he's
american my bad he's not ozzy
right
they all have coaches and mentors who
helped him get to where they are today
you need to invest in mentorship it
doesn't have to be paid this is a free
event
you can you know you can go to other
free events you can list a podcast eric
has this uh podcast called growth
everywhere where he's interviewing
people and they're reviewing their
revenue numbers if that's one of your
competitors you listen to it you can
figure out how they grew and you can
copy some of it look if you're gonna
climb mount everest would you just fly
over to nepal climb to the top and get
there no you'd probably die you would
get a sherpa to help you out and do your
training
the same goes with anything you do in
marketing and business
go read articles find people who can
help you out again you don't have to pay
for it there's a lot of free stuff
online
the reality is marketing never stops
what works today may not work in the
future so the best approach is to
continually test and keep learning
you're going to be overwhelmed by the
information
and you know what just go after the low
hanging fruit try one thing if you're
going to take one thing away from this
presentation try some cro stuff if you
don't you're going to get beat by all
your competitors in the few years
probably in 12 months because that is
where the market is going it's so
competitive everyone's raising money to
pile on marketing scales or using reid
hoffman's concept of blitz scaling spend
money at all costs to generate revenue
even if you're not profitable it's
screwing up the margins for most of
companies you need to focus on
conversions
there's three types of people
those who make things happen those who
watch things happen and those are
wondering what just happened
be the person who makes things happen
thank you guys for attending later we'll
get into q a during our marketing school
live